Docs cleanup wip sections (#169)
rstudio/pins-python: docs/getting_started.Rmd

-   `type = "csv"` uses `to_csv()` from pandas to create a `.csv` file. CSVs can read by any application, but only support simple columns (e.g. numbers, strings, dates), can take up a lot of disk space, and can be slow to read.
-   `type = "joblib"` uses `joblib.dump()` to create a binary python data file. See the [joblib docs](https://joblib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for more information.
-   `type = "arrow"` uses `pyarrow` to create an arrow/feather file. [Arrow](https://arrow.apache.org) is a modern, language-independent, high-performance file format designed for data science. Not every tool can read arrow files, but support is growing rapidly.

> -   `type = "json"` uses `jsonlite::write_json()` to create a `.json` file. Pretty much every programming language can read json files, but they only work well for nested lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `type = "json"` uses `json.dump()` to create a `.json` file. Pretty much every programming language can read json files, but they only work well for nested lists.
```

While we’ll do our best to keep the automatically generated metadata consistent over time, I’d recommend manually capturing anything you really care about in metadata.

> ## 🚧 Versioning

Reviewer: Instead of removing this section altogether, can we keep the demo for how to write different versions of content to the same pin and how to use the `version` argument?

Author: Ah, nice catch! restored!

While we’ll do our best to keep the automatically generated metadata consistent over time, I’d recommend manually capturing anything you really care about in metadata.

## Versioning

Every `pin_write()` will create a new version:

```{python}

> board2 = board_temp(versioned = True, allow_pickle_read=True)

Reviewer: Should this have `versioned = True`?

Reviewer: I think it would be less confusing to leave it off this documentation, since it's not an arg that does anything currently.

Author: removed

> board2.pin_write([1,2,3,4,5], name = "x", type = "joblib", title="TODO")
> board2.pin_write([1,2,3], name = "x", type = "joblib", title="TODO")
> board2.pin_write([1,2], name = "x", type = "joblib", title="TODO")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
board2.pin_write([1,2,3,4,5], name = "x", type = "joblib")
board2.pin_write([1,2,3], name = "x", type = "joblib")
board2.pin_write([1,2], name = "x", type = "joblib")
```

Is that an OK change? 

Do you think it looks really weird to store this as binary? Should we change to JSON?

Author: Ah, changed to JSON, and added a new section on storing models, WDYT:

<img width="1238" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2574498/200873258-32ecb19d-180e-4e49-9c5a-3620d7f23ba9.png">

Reviewer: This looks great! 🙌
